hi guys so today I'm just going to share
with you this super quick DIY video and
it is I think it is perfect for this
time of the air just because we've been
like outside in the Sun and in the water
and stuff like that all summer long
which can tend to like wear out your
skin a little bit so I think like now
that summer is slowly coming to a close
and your skin is actually like had a
little bit where I guess during the
summer it is the perfect time to pamper
yourself a little bit with a little bit
of a DIY scrub this is just like a
lemonade DIY sugar scrub it is super
super easy but it makes your skin so so
amazing I mean if you need to try it for
yourself and it's super easy so there's
really no excuse to not try it I guess
but this is how it looks like mine turn
out actually will be more pink than I
would have liked but that's just because
I added a little bit too much like food
coloring so you can totally decide that
for yourself you can add less you can
add a totally different color and make
like purple or blue or green or whatever
but I thought that since this was like
kind of a lemonade sugar scrub I thought
pink was kind of fitting so that's what
I chose as I said this is super easy it
makes your skin so so soft
that's like coconut oil in it which is
amazing for your skin and then it also
has like sugar and lemon juice which
lemon juice is also amazing for your
skin you may remember that I also use
that in some of my face masks that I've
done before so I love that oh and I also
want to say that if you don't have
coconut coconut oil or if you don't like
coconut oil or if you prefer another
kind of oil like almond oil olive oil
like sunflower oil whatever I mean you
can use whatever kind of oil you like
for your skin I just prefer coconut oil
and I also love the scent of coconut oil
so that's why I chose that but you can
do whatever you prefer so if you want to
see how you can make this super easy and
super amazing sugar scrub then just keep
on watching
Hey
baby
situation
this is the
Oh
anyway I really hope you guys enjoyed
this video thank you guys so much for
watching please let me know what if you
do this or if you have done something
like similar to this and give this video
a thumbs up if you liked it please
subscribe down below if you haven't
already and I will talk to you very soon
hi hi by the way you know these nice
Santa Claus in the back there's yeah
that's happening August and